# Report 1: Project Proposal

## Team SunTech

## Eli Salazar, Wesley Esquivel, Hondo Cabral, Songha Chheo, Dante Zelaya

This week our team focused on becoming a team, outlining possible solutions to the project, and learning the possible technologies that come with building an interactive spreadsheet. We accomplished becoming a team by interacting with each other first on teams and then deciding to move our communications onto discord. During our interactions we learned about our different backgrounds. We also focused on the most elegant and effective way to meet our customers needs of creating automation and data visualization for a dataset. We decided on setting up a server from amazon web services, creating an interactive database, and running it on the server.

There have been no changes so far with our customer value. We have a clear understanding of the needs of our customers. We are doing everything in our power to create an easy to use solution.

The current model of our system uses an AWS server to run an interactive database in an easy to use environment.  Our goal is to purchase the server, begin implementing automation for the dataset, and to build a centralized network. Our customers main two concerns are entering data manually and having a centralized database. Our model creates an easy to access centralized database. Our goal is to demonstrate the numbers in a meaningful way and create automated data entry.

Our team includes Hondo Cabral who is team leader, Songha Chheo who is our project manager, Wesley Esquivel who is our person of contact, Eli Salazar, and Dante Zelaya. Our team's skills range from working with SQL servers, data visualization, working with AWS, python, and java programming. The team roles are fixed for now but all of us realize this project is a team effort. We hope to rely on the experience of some members but are all motivated to learn and accomplish the task at hand. As previously mentioned we communicate through discord in weekly meetings on Thursdays. As the workload of the project increases our meetings may become more frequent. We are currently evaluating our collaboration by setting deadlines to set up the server, write reports, and work with the data set.

Our team is currently on schedule. We have emailed the professor about purchasing an AWS instance for us and are waiting to hear back. We understand that communication between team members is vital to success and constantly reminding each other of deadlines and updates. Our goal is to share the workload. The goal for the rest of the spring term is to continue meeting frequently and working together to complete the project.

After reflecting on this week’s progress and accomplishments we believe that our team is off to a great start. It’s clear we possess different skills and backgrounds but we hope to use this to our greatest advantage. We have accomplished the difficult task of introductions and discovering our project’s solutions. We understand that our team members will have to all contribute in different ways. It is essential to us that every team member actively participates. Next month we will hopefully have our AWS instance purchased and can begin working on the implementations of our ideas. Our next report will focus on that implementation.